Add a table with an overview of use cases (#5)
RustCrypto/book: src/README.md

This book is a work in progress.

## What do I need?

The below is a quick overview of the RustCrypto organization's projects based on the use case:

| Action                                              | Relevant Section                                            | Note                                                                                                                                                                 |
| --------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Verify that data is correct                         | [Data Hashing](hashing-data/index.html)                     | Hash algorithms like SHA-256 provide a one-way map of data to a fixed-length that can be easily compared                                                             |

> | Obscure a password                                  | [Password Hashing](hashing-password/index.html)             | Data hash algorithms are designed to be fast; password hash algorithms like `bcrypt`are designed to be slow. Use these to store password results in a database.      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Authenticate users with a password                   | [Password Hashing](hashing-password/index.html)             | Password hashing algorithms are designed to be slow to prevent brute force attacks. Password hashes can be stored in a database.      |
```
